Jenna: Lindy Littlejohn.
accused of plagiarizing
her short story
by the author's own daughter.
-She stole it
from one of her students.
She's a liar.
Mike: You'll regret it.
-I am her literal regret.
Young Lulu: "I dream of a life
without a daughter.
sucking at the teat
of inspiration."
Mom hates me.
Terry: The Pulitzer committee
is meeting
and there's talk
of rescinding your award.
-What am I without it?
-A former client.
Lindy: Eight packs
of toilet paper?
Hundreds.
I'm his fucking lab rat.
-You're having an affair
with my physicist?
[screams]
-[gasps]
-No!
[groans]
Les: Richard.
Have I killed a man?
-[gasps] You're alive!
-Les has 30 days
to solve the formula
or he's fired and the tech
reverts to Hilton.
-Another fuckin' lie!
-I need space from you.
-Fucking Les.
-Oh. fuck!
-[fire alarm beeping]
-You can't solve the formula.
And I plan to make
the next 21 days of your life
- a living hell.
-[screams]
[Lindy laughs]
[ominous music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Lindy: Les.
You're stuck in a bad dream.
We both are.
Les. wake up.
-[gasps] Lindy. you're you.
-I'm me.
-Is it over?
-It is for me.
-What happened?
Lindy: I lost my Pulitzer.
I was outed as a plagiarist
by our daughter.
-Oh.
Lindy: She's so clever
and bright.
[sighs] Loathes me.
But not you.
-I'm sorry.
I would be devastated
if she loathed me.
-It's all right. really.
I am a fraud.
One book.
I'm relieved.
-That was your prize.
[gasps] Now that I've solved
the formula.
I'm gonna get mine.
Lindy: Oh. you're confused.
You didn't solve anything.
You're never going
to get your prize.
You're a fraud. too.
-Then I need you
to respect me. Lindy.
I can't be alone.
-You are alone.
-But you're here.
-Am I?
Wake up!
[gasping]
-Lindy?
Lindy: I'm still here. Les.
-No. you're not.
And I'm dreaming.
Lindy: No.
This is real.
I'm right here.
Boo!
-[yelps]
-Where are you?
Lindy.
Where are you?
[ominous music playing]
-[sighs]
Lindy:
Guilt won't let you sleep.
-You're the one
who should be feeling guilty!
Lindy: Me?
-Yes!
Lindy: Richard.
Dolores.
-I can't do this. I can't--
found you.
You sadist.
[laughs]
-Shit.
Lindy: Dr. Carmichael said...
-Oh. fuck that bitch
and fuck you!
Lindy: Les.
that is a red-light reaction.
-Oh. you're in my head.
You're in my head.
you're in my head.
you're in my--oh!
Oh! Oh. God!
Lindy: Dr. Carmichael says
we can't be afraid to expose
our naked selves.
even if it makes us feel
vulnerable and scared.
[ominous music playing]
-We're goin' God mode.
Connect. connect.
connect. connect.
connect. connect. connect.
-You have no power
if you have no power!
-Don't you dare touch
that circuit breaker. Les.
I will crush you.
-I touch what I wanna touch.
I exist without restraint.
Lindy: You live in darkness.
Full fucking throttle.
You will tremble to think
of all the things I can do
while you sleep.
Sun's out. buns out.
-Oh.
-[chuckles]
Les: Fuck this!
I'm checking into
the Courtyard Marriott.
-Uh-uh.
if you don't come home.
I will report myself
a missing person.
Les: You wouldn't.
-I would.
I will Gone Girl
myself.
How are you gonna explain
your actions to the police?
-You monster!
Lindy: I'm your monster.
Dr. Franken-fuck.
[doorbell rings]
[jazz music playing]
-Uh. oh. my bad.
[door lock clicks]
Lindy: Enough to wipe your ass
for 192 days.
Trust me.
You're my prisoner now.
[ears ringing]
[muffled breathing]
Martin: Hello?
-[gasps]
Hello. [clears throat]
Hi. Martin. Hi. Uh. yes.
-Are you sleeping?
Your eyes were open.
-No. I was resting.
It's been a long.
um. long life.
-Are you able to...
to receive information?
Because we've got a problem.
-What is the problem?
-Oh. problem is that Hilton
has moved up the investor
presentation to tomorrow.
He was so impressed
with your little party trick.
-So was Dr. Schaffhausen.
I'm gonna get the Nobel Prize
in Sweden.
Uh. the King--
-Les. buddy.
unless you can figure out
the formula.
there is no Nobel.
-I've--
-No. there is no lab.
There is no you.
there is no me.
There is fraud.
There is a lawsuit.
There is maximum-security
prison.
And Hilton's smug face.
-I can sleep in prison.
-Why are you like this?
-Lindy.
-Is this about the-the scandal?
Because I have a lot of
conflicting Lindy information.
-She is conflict.
She's--yeah. I need a--
I need a minute now.
-Take 20. take 30.
But make it fast.
Because if you can't figure
this out. we are dead.
Dead in the holy water.
woman [on recording]: You've
elected to try something new.
You've decided
to take control
of your anger and rage.
Surprise yourself
and those around you
by finding an alternative
to lashing out
and emotionally baiting
your loved ones.
By channeling...
-What?
woman: ...inner peace
and reconnecting
with your better self.
You're in there somewhere--
[phone ringing]
-[gasps] Oh. yeah.
Oh. yes. Accept.
Hello. Hi.
Hi. I thought you hated me.
Terry: I do.
Turn on the "Today" show.
-Oh. fuck. Why?
What--this fuckin' nightmare.
Terry: This is gonna put both
of us in the fucking ground.
-Well. what the fuck now?
Terry: Jackie.
-No.
Terry: Jenna.
-No!
-I have to go.
Lindy: No. no. no!
-Any idea
what she's gonna say?
-Nope.
-Power move.
-[groans]
I know you hate me.
But I hate me more.
-Get up.
-Let me die.
Steffy: I totally want to.
but the "Today" show.
-What the fuck now?
-Jackie.
Jenna: ...author Lindy
Littlejohn's career comeback
-Yeah?
-Jenna.
Jenna: ...and subsequent
plagiarism scandal.
Joining us today
via satellite
is the student rumored
to have written
the short story...
-Oh. fuck yeah.
-...Jackie Baldwin.
Jackie. welcome.
What a whirlwind.
-Jenna. what an honor
to be here.
I mean. I'm such a fan.
I love how you love books
as much as I do.
Jenna. let me begin by saying
Professor Littlejohn
is my hero.
My Rainbow Starts With Black
changed my life.
It's as if she saw
into my soul.
Lindy: Yeah.
-Well. now.
there are questions
about the authenticity
of that novel. too.
-Okay. which is some bullshit!
Please. Jackie. help me.
Help me. Jackie.
Please. please. please.
Jackie: Professor Littlejohn
is the reason I wanted
to become a writer.
She's a paragon
of inspiration.
To think that
Professor Littlejohn
would be capable
of plagiarism is...
is heartbreaking.
I mean.
being in this position
is my worst nightmare
realized.
-Jesus.
She's good.
-She's good.
-"Untitled on Purpose"
is a captivating
and entertaining read.
The question everyone
is asking is.
who wrote it?
-Professor Littlejohn.
if you're watching.
and I sure hope you are.
I have no choice
but to tell the truth.
-[whimpers]
-Professor Littlejohn
is the true author
of "Untitled on Purpose."
-Why? What? Yes!
What? Thank you. [gasps]
Jackie: I'm merely a humble
graduate student doing...
-Oh. God.
-Your publisher better have
deep fucking pockets.
-Well played. Hel.
Well fucking played.
And nice touch sending her
to Montana. too.
Keeps her folksy.
-I am no
Professor Littlejohn.
-Teach me everything you know.
-It saddens me
that her daughter...
Lulu: She's lying.
-...would accuse
her own mother of such a...
-You don't know me.
Jackie Baldwin!
I am not lying.
She is lying about the lying.
-Your mom's fans
are fuckin' toxic.
-Yeah.
Everybody hates me.
Steffy: The chick-lit
hashtaggers are strapping
on their heels for battle.
-But they loved me yesterday.
[whimsical music playing]
[music turning ominous]
-Richard. do I have
thoughts today?
-Um. Richard's not here.
-Oh. yes. you're right.
He's dead.
-Uh. no.
I think he's just
in Collinsville.
-Is that Shakespearean
for heaven?
-It--it's a suburb.
-Oh. lovely.
Bob. explain
what I should implement.
-Uh...
-You're not Bob.
-I'm Bob.
-There's something different
about you.
-I'm Bob the New Explainer.
-Janet?
What's happening?
Where's Bob-Bob?
-Bob is not here.
No explanation.
-What's going on?
-Um. he seems off.
-Les. come.
-There's a new Bob.
-That's right.
The other Bob spoke
to a journalist.
We do not do that.
You know the protocol.
Let's reset.
Tell me what you see.
Better yet.
tell me what you don't see.
[whimsical music playing]
-Curve.
Follow the curve.
Continue the curve.
-We need a curve.
Uh. I don't know
what kind of curve.
but not a straight line.
a curve...
to infinity.
If the corn stabilizes
for three minutes.
we'll have reached
limitless stabilization.
Janet: And the math?
Dr. Littlejohn?
Well. the equation.
The curve. Um...
Vivienne: We have 24 hours.
You can do this.
You need to sleep.
You're welcome to stay
at my place.
in my guestroom.
The mattress is Tempur-Pedic.
medium firm.
I'm here for you. Les.
I am wherever
you need me to be.
for work or anything
other than work. too.
-I can't.
My wife is expecting me.
-I see.
I understand.
Then go home.
But do whatever you have to do
to rest and think.
Defend your mental space.
-Defend my mental space.
-Get creative.
-So. is that it? Is it over?
Terry: You're welcome.
-What happened?
-Hell.
I have been through hell.
Lindy: You have no idea.
-No. you have no idea.
-So my Pulitzer?
Terry: You get to keep it.
-And my editor?
Terry: Still on the roster.
-[sighs]
And my best friend?
-Waitlisted-ish.
Lindy: Fair.
I deserve an -ish.
I'm just relieved
not to be dropped.
So everybody wins. right?
You. me.
Jackie Baldwin. I'm assuming?
Terry: Raked over the money
coals. yes.
but worth it. I think.
-Oh. you're welcome.
Terry: Too soon.
-Fair. Fair. Yes.
-Um. listen.
there is one casualty.
Someone's gotta
take the fall.
-Oh. fuck.
Lulu.
Terry: #StLuluDeLulu.
-[sighs] Is it bad-bad?
Terry: She's tough.
and it's the internet.
so tomorrow it'll be someone
else's something else.
-Jackie's on.
and not the folksy one.
-I gotta run.
Congrats. I think.
-Thank--
[disconnected tone]
-[sighs]
Jesus.
[dramatic music playing]
-[sighs]
[exhales]
[phone trilling]
Lulu [on recording]:
You're old. Text me.
-Of course.
[dramatic music playing]
[groans]
[phone dings. buzzes]
-It's your mom.
She says.
"Lulu. please come home."
Lulu: Delete it.
Steffy: No.
Lulu: Yes!
Steffy: No!
You should go home.
Talk to her.
-She had her student lie
so that I could be crushed
on social media
and she can keep
her precious fucking award.
That is all she cares about.
-You don't know
she actually did that.
-I have proof
that she stole that story.
I will not let her
get away with this.
-What are you gonna do?
Make another TikTok?
-Maybe I should.
Or go on the "Today" show.
-You're just looking
for more drama.
You're like a drama junkie.
-So is she.
-Finally!
Now you see my point?
She reached out.
She wants to see you.
She is breaking a pattern
and so should you.
-[sighs]
-And we will be talking
about Shirtless Mike later.
-You fellows have traveled
a great distance
following a northern star.
gifts in hand.
and your faith was rewarded.
right?
And in my own way. I have
traveled a great distance
following my heart's
North Star.
only to be rejected.
and tortured.
and traumatized
that I'm losing my faith.
[crying] I'm...
I'm losing my faith. in faith.
I'm in dire need
of some kind of sign.
A reason. a purpose.
a direction. a--
[phone ringing]
[chuckles]
-Your existence
is complicated.
but I thank you anyway.
[sniffles. clears throat]
Well. you've restored
my faith.
-In what?
-In life.
Hi.
-Hi.
I-I know you're on
a mini signed sabbatical
caring for a loved one
right now.
and I hate
to bother you. but...
Richard: Janet.
you are never a bother.
-Well. um. I'm glad.
Richard: What's going on?
-Um. Les is not good.
-Oh. I know.
-You know?
-I--well. you know.
we work together so closely
that it's like
a twin-flame thing.
I--I can feel it. even if
I can't see it in... in person.
-Uh. thing is.
we need him good.
like great.
He's too exhausted to string
a coherent sentence together
and the investor presentation
is tomorrow.
-Wait. Tomorrow?
Janet: Yeah. Hilton's whim.
-Oh. So. how can I be helpful?
Janet: Uh. I wish you could
talk to him.
Get him back on track.
I mean. he thinks
you're in. like. heaven?
-I'm nearby.
man [over PA]: Johnny.
we need the forklift.
Johnny. bring back
the forklift.
♪ Down in Jamaica ♪
♪ They got lots ♪
♪ Of pretty women ♪
♪ Steal your money ♪
♪ Then they break ♪
♪ Your heart ♪
♪ Lonesome Sue ♪
♪ She's in love ♪
♪ With old Sam ♪
♪ Take him from the fire ♪
♪ Into the frying pan ♪
-Great choice. [chuckles]
It's my favorite.
-Would it get through
a bedroom door easily?
-Like a hot knife
through butter.
-[chuckles] Yes. please.
♪ ...when she feels ♪
♪ Like crying ♪
-Question. um. Chuck.
if you had a very clever.
determined.
angry mouse that was keeping
you up all night.
driving you fucking insane...
-I hate mice.
-...what would you use
to slow her down?
Chuck: Let me ask you this.
Are you lookin' for somethin'
humane or inhumane?
Let me show you both options.
-Yes. please.
♪ And starts to cry ♪
-I'll wait to hear from you
with. um. bells on.
-Fare thee well.
[call disconnects]
-[gasps]
Oh.
Um... um...
I was on a personal call.
I apologize. I cannot lie.
-Why do you look like that?
-Nervous?
-Glowing.
When you hung up with
whoever you were speaking to.
you smiled and glowed.
-Am I in trouble?
-Not yet.
I'm curious.
-I was talking to.
um. someone special.
-You're in a relationship?
-No. no. no.
The someone special already...
has a someone special.
Am I fired?
-Isn't it anti-feminist
to be considered
the other woman?
-I'm sorry?
Vivienne:
Your Instagram account.
"Janet Colgate. physicist.
feminist. celiac."
-You're on Instagram?
Vivienne: In a way. I lurk.
I research...everyone.
Janet...
you're the other woman?
-Oh. I-I don't think
I have that status yet.
-Same. Hmm.
-Mom. I'm here. Let's talk.
Mom?
Lindy [on megaphone]:
I'm in here.
Lulu: Where?
Lindy: In the kitchen.
-Mom. where?
Lindy: On the island.
-The what?
Okay. this is fucking stupid.
Lindy: By the salt and pepper!
It's me. Uh. I'm tiny
and I know it's a shock.
Just try not to--
-You're tiny?!
-[Lindy groans]
...scream. Okay.
But before we continue.
let's crash course
in volume control.
You're gonna lean
into a whisper.
I'll lean into a shout.
We'll meet in the middle.
-Are you real?
-Yeah. Uh. I am real.
-Holy fuck.
Holy fuck. Dad did this.
The dollhouse? The crying?
The "Today" show?
Grandma?!
-Ah-ah-ah-ah-ahh. Quieter.
-Sorry.
Lindy: It's okay.
-How did this happen?
-It was an accident.
An accident.
Your dad and I are working
through some issues.
You know. uh--I am working
It's why I reached out.
Lulu. uh...
God. those comments online
just broke my heart.
You don't deserve--it's--
it's--I'm--oh. God.
I fucked up.
-[sobs]
-Why are you crying?
Lulu: I don't know.
I don't know. because
I'm so fucking mad at you.
I hated you.
You lied.
That Jackie Baldwin bitch lied.
-Okay. Okay.
Lulu: I'm sorry.
I don't know how to whisper-cry
and I can't even fucking yell.
Lindy: No. It's okay.
You should yell.
You should be mad.
-Don't tell me
that I should be mad
when I should be mad.
And now. I can't be mad...
because you're just.
you're so small...
and I feel so bad.
-Come here.
Come.
Closer.
-Don't look up my nose.
-I won't.
-This is so weird.
-I know.
Our family's weird now.
-So. um... are you okay?
-Well. I'm branded dog shit.
but I'm okay.
-This is all my fault.
I'm not a great mom.
I-I-I want to be.
I... I need to try harder.
I-I can start right now.
Where to start? Okay.
Um. I wrote a book.
-Whoa.
We're going back 20 years?
How long is this story?
-Short and with a point.
-We'll see.
-I wrote a book.
I got rewarded.
I felt like a fraud.
I mean. it was my first book.
But then I had this prize.
And that basically
became my identity.
-So. bullshit on bullshit?
-Bullshit on bullshit.
[clears throat]
And. uh--well. then.
then you came along.
And I could focus on you.
not me.
So. bullshit me.
she kinda got left behind.
which I loved.
And then you grew up
and we grew apart.
And bullshit me
kinda showed back up.
I think I resented you
resenting me.
But that is not
being a good parent.
That is being--
-A petulant child.
Lindy: Yeah. Heh.
You were hurting.
I didn't know why.
but I should have asked.
I should have listened.
[tender music playing]
-Okay. Well. a few edits maybe.
but your story did have a point.
-So. [clears throat]
I'm listening now
and I have really
good hearing.
It's a benefit
of being this tiny.
-I hate science.
-You do?
-Dad's gonna lose
his fucking brain.
Lindy: Oh. I mean...
-I flunked out of school.
So. go ahead. freak out.
-You did?
-Yeah. by design.
-Uh. I mean--okay. How?
-It was harder than I expected.
-[laughs] I bet.
I misappropriated
my student's story
and didn't correct it.
-I dropped a TikTok
outing my mom as a plagiarist.
-I burned down
your dollhouse.
-What?
Lindy: Yeah.
It felt great.
-I deleted "Darling Daughter."
-Wait. that was you?
-Yeah. I was 11.
You should really change
your password.
-Wait.
Oh. my God.
You read that.
Lulu: Yeah. It--it's okay.
I know you didn't want me.
I get it.
-Lulu. I was channeling
Grandma Diane. my mom.
thinking about me.
-Really?
Lindy: Of course.
Oh. my God.
I've never regretted having you.
-But the resentment...
-No. That was later
and different.
God. no.
-Makes sense.
-Does it?
-Yeah. actually.
I read your book.
I can definitely see
the Grandma Diane connection.
-God. it breaks my heart
that you thought I didn't...
That you grew up thinking
that I didn't want you?
Oh. my God. I'm so sorry.
Oh. sweet girl.
I'm so sorry. I suck.
Oh. I suck. I fucking suck.
-I suck too.
-That's also my fault.
and Dad's.
-We all suck.
-Which sucks.
You read my book.
Lulu: You want me to tell you
it's good?
-No.
-It's okay.
-I'll take it.
-So. do you have to tell Dad
I flunked out.
like a UFP or United Family
whatever-it-is?
-UPF. United Parental Front.
No. fuck it.
[tense music playing]
-I have to go in front
of the review board tomorrow
and. like.
make a case or whatever.
Tell them why they shouldn't
kick me out of school.
-What are you gonna say?
We could... [clears throat]
We could practice it.
-No. Don't get all mom
about it.
-Okay.
-Hey. Lulu.
What's going on?
-Dad.
-I can explain.
-Les. don't worry.
I already explained.
-What did she tell you?
-A lot.
-She's a liar.
-You're the liar. Dad.
-Uh. what?
-The dollhouse?
Grandma? Mom left us?
You let me think she was having
an emotional breakdown.
-No.
Lulu: What the fuck?
-No. no. no. Lulu--
-You've never lied to me before.
-What did you tell her?
Lindy: Whatever I want.
I'm her mother. she needed me.
-Since when?
You-you-you-you had
no right to talk to her.
Lulu: Dad...
Les: No. No. no. no.
-Dad...
Les: We discussed this.
UPF. UPF.
We-we said that telling you
would traumatize you
and we were gonna
tell you together.
That's the U in UPF!
-Well. someone had to be the P!
-Well. here's the F. Fuck you.
Lindy: Fuck you!
Fuck you! Fuck you!
-Fuck you!
Lindy: Fuck you!
-Why?
[Les and Lindy groan]
[door closes]
Lindy: Shit.
-[Lulu retching]
We are horrible.
-The worst.
-[Lulu coughing]
-Makes me sick
to make her sick.
-Yeah. me too.
Lindy: We need
to get our shit together.
Jesus.
Look at us.
Look at me.
-I know. I know.
Okay. okay.
[Lulu retching]
Lindy: I'm so sorry. Lulu.
This is us. Not you.
-It's never you. Never you.
Lulu: I think I'm empty.
[toilet flushing]
-This is so fucked.
Our family is fucked.
You're standing on the sink.
-Yeah. [chuckles]
But. uh.
this is our new reality.
We're a fucked-up family
like everybody else. you know?
Sort of.
-Until we're not.
I can fix this.
Lulu: Can you. Dad?
Les: Yes.
Don't you believe me?
-I believe you. You know?
And you're. you're brilliant.
Frustratingly so.
I've always believed in you.
Always.
-Okay. So. like.
what do we do now?
-We live.
Uh. Dad and I
are gonna work things out.
you're gonna go back
to school tonight.
and. um.
then we'll all go skiing
over President's Day weekend
or something.
I don't know.
But we're gonna be okay.
We're going to be okay.
Right?
-Yes. Absolutely.
Yes.
-Is it bad that I kinda
wanna see Mom on tiny skis?
-[laughs]
-Hey.
You know I love you. kiddo.
-Yeah. I know.
[Lindy sighs]
-She didn't tell me
that she loved me back.
Lindy: Uh. I think she did.
-She did not.
You know she did not.
-Okay.
This is a lot for her
to process.
-I've lost her love.
-Okay. now you're being
dramatic.
-Dramatic?
She fucking adored me and now
she can barely look at me.
-Yeah. It stings. But--
-No. no. no. It's fine.
It's-it's okay.
I-I understand. I know.
I know that you love this.
You love it.
-Love what?
-You want me to be
Hurricane Les. don't you?
Well. bravo.
-This is your fucking
guilt talking.
That's what this is.
-You just--you took my daughter
away from me.
-Your daughter?
-Yeah. That was your plan.
-This was my plan?
-I was her hero.
and now she thinks
I'm a fuckin' liar.
-I told her
it was an accident.
You want me to play her
the voice note. huh?
-Oh. I'm sure you painted
a very pretty picture of yours--
Did you tell her about Richard?
-Did you tell her
about Richard?
-His blood is on your hands.
Lindy.
Lindy: Really?
My tiny. innocent.
shrunken-on-purpose hands?
Maybe you deserve
to be her mad-scientist
shithead dad
who shrunk her mom.
Every dad
disappoints eventually.
It's finally your fucking turn.
[tense music playing]
-You ruined Lulu
and you make me sick.
-[gasps] What the fuck
are you doing?
No! [gasping]
-It would be so easy
just to let go.
-I've seen your balls. Les.
They aren't big enough.
-Oh. it's been a while.
[toilet flushing]
-Maybe you've forgotten
how big they are.
-Put me down!
-Okay.
-[yelps]
[Lindy gasping]
You motherfucker!
You're dead.
-Sure. Why not?
[Lindy grunting]
Fuck. What the fuck?
[dramatic music playing]
[car driving away]
-You were a good
and loyal friend.
I'm gonna miss you. Dolores.
and I'm sorry it ended this way.
Richard [on megaphone]:
I'm sorry too. Dolores.
Your eyes do not deceive you.
I am not a ghost.
I am very much alive.
-[gasps] Richard!
I'm so relieved!
-You are no more a murderer
than I am an adulterer.
I was hoodwinked into
an uncompromising position.
but I wanna put your mind
at ease.
Nothing happened
below the belt.
-Well. the belt was off.
Richard.
-All part of the charade.
-I never meant to hurt you.
Richard: Yes. you did.
However. I know
you never meant to vanquish me.
which you did not.
-Call it even?
Richard: Even Steven.
[whimsical music playing]
I have a science thought.
if I may be so bold.
-Please.
-So. given my recent
firsthand experiences.
I've been thinking about
the quantum harmonic oscillator.
What if its potential energy
is akin to the mass on a spring?
-As in. uh. V of X
equals one-half KX square?
-Where K
is the spring constant
and X is the displacement.
-I mean. that's a--that's--
that's a parabolic curve.
[chuckles]
I mean. that could work.
-[laughs]
I've missed this.
-Me too.
I will say Janet's been good.
very good.
Um. but I have--I've missed.
uh. I've missed the. uh...
-You don't need to say it.
I know.
-Richard. I--you--missed you.
-I do owe you an apology.
I was a fool for love.
I keep wondering...
was I driven by love
or the tragedy of love?
-You know. I can't believe you
miniaturized yourself for her.
-Oh. you would have done
the same
if you weren't needed
to solve the formula.
-Oh. no. Richard.
Never crossed my mind.
No. we've reached a new low.
-May I ask why?
-Because I know her.
I really fucking know her.
Not worth it.
-Then you know
she's coming for you.
-Oh. I do.
And I can't fucking wait.
♪ Love ♪
♪ Love will tear us ♪
♪ Apart again ♪
♪ Love ♪
♪ Love will tear us ♪
♪ Apart again ♪
♪ Why is the bedroom ♪
♪ So cold? ♪
♪ You've turned away ♪
♪ On your side ♪
♪ Is my timing that flawed? ♪
♪ Our respect runs so dry ♪
♪ Yet there's still ♪
♪ This appeal ♪
♪ That we've kept ♪
♪ Through our lives ♪
♪ But love ♪
♪ Love will tear us ♪
♪ Apart again ♪
♪ Love ♪
♪ Love will tear us ♪
♪ Apart again ♪
[song continues]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-